Survey Interview 7 – TranscriptInterviewer: Awesome. So first question I have for you is what initially motivated you to actually start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with their execution system?Interviewee: At the beginning, were there pain points?Interviewer: Yes, they like motivated you to actually start working with the Results’ team. Interviewee: Okay. So to start off, what motivated us or what sort of caused us to start working with them was that we were looking for a business coach for me. So I was a new leader in our organization. I thought that I needed coaching to help figure out how to run an organization like this. And we looked -- we kind of scoured our network for other people that had used coaches and found some pretty good coaches, but the Results -- the referral for Results came up a few times, I think, and so that was sort of our initial introduction.Interviewer: Okay, great. Go ahead.Interviewee: And really the pain point we were trying to address was maybe a perceived lack of skills in leadership in running that organization, especially a challenged organization. So that's what we were trying to overcome.Interviewer: Awesome. And how has the Results’ execution system met those needs or solved any of those pain points so far?Interviewee: Well, it has helped us organize both our thinking about how we manage our business and our – and the cadence with which we manage our business. So we're now sort of actively managing our business in a controlled way and in a way that is predictable and cultivates alignment among all of our employees.Interviewer: Okay, great. And how long have you actually been a client now?Interviewee: I think it's been six years.Interviewer: I got you. And what made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternate process?Interviewee: So it would have been the people, and that would be our initial meeting with Jeff Tetz. And then I'm pretty sure what John Leduc's name was that fellow who we were referred to. They gave -- everybody we talked to said you should go to Results and you should use John Leduc. And so that was sort of what helped us choose. And then I went in-- I met with Jeff and John, I think, I'm not sure who else. But there was definitely a very high interest in our business at the time. And after we got through the initial meetings, there was the initial evaluation that kind of they run people through that, ‘here's kind of what you've got in your business and here's where you are deficient in your business or not -- maybe not deficient, but here are things you can build on’. And I just thought I found that framework helpful.Interviewer: I got you. Okay, cool. And building on that, are there any pieces from that initial discovery process prior to you actually becoming a client that you feel the Results’ team has not delivered on yet?Interviewee: No, that was a long time ago. So I've probably forgotten if there were any pain points. But I don't feel like there were, I thought the startup was pretty good.Interviewer: Okay, great. And have you experienced any friction or frustration points as a client during the Results process at all? Interviewee: Yes. Interviewer: I got you. And do you want to give some feedback on what those are?Interviewee: Sure. I think they'll be fairly familiar because we talked about it a lot. But we had a business execution specialist, his name was Al Jacobson. And in short, I didn’t think he was delivering what Results had promised he would deliver. Interviewer: I got you. Interviewee: So that was -- that's been our single biggest pain point for sure in our entire relationship.Interviewer: Got it, thanks for that. And have you referred Results to anyone else at all? Interviewee: YesInterviewer: Great. And what is one thing that you wish Results offered or just focused on more?Interviewee: I think that -- I know they don't like the idea of coaching partners or spouses or anything like that, but I think that running some sort of program for partners of business leaders might be interesting. Just a place where our spouses could get a better understanding of what we're doing. And so that's one, and the other -- they do it and they're doing it for us, but individual coaching for our executives.Interviewer: Okay. Cool. And in your opinion, what are Results’ strengths and their weaknesses?Interviewee: Their strengths lied in the talents of their business execution specialist, in there -- they are very organized in the way that they run their business. So it's predictable and it's effective. And it's a very efficient use of time. In particular, we appreciate the timely reports that come out of our sessions with Results. And the fact that the sessions are moderated by -- in our case, by Scott, very effectively. So he's really good at what he does. And we don't think we could do it ourselves as effectively. And certainly, even if our leaders could, that pulls one of our leaders out of the discussion as they try to moderate. So that's one of the things that I think they're very good at.Interviewer: And are there any weaknesses that you can think of?Interviewee: In the overall system? I don't think so. I mean, I think as a business, their weakness or their risk is that they -- is can they get enough qualified business execution specialists to keep their business running and growing, but that's not a personal risk or weakness for us because we have access to Scott and we're quite happy with that.Interviewer: I got it. Okay. Perfect. Alright. Well, those are pretty much all of my questions. Is there anything else that you'd like the team to know? Or any other pieces of feedback that you'd like to share?Interviewee: No, I think that's great. We certainly appreciate our relationship with Results and we think it's been a really strong partnership and a big part of the development of our business. So we're thankful for our relationship with them.Interviewer: Alright. Sounds good. Well, thank you so much. I really appreciate you for hopping on the call today and you have a great rest of your week.Interviewee: Great. Thanks, Chelsea. Interviewer: Thanks. Bye