Survey Interview 10 - TranscriptInterviewer: Okay. So first question I have for you is what actually initially motivated you to start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with their execution system?Interviewee: Well, what prompted us to start with Results was we have been sort of on a path of formalizing sort of a strategic process in our management with our management group and I've tried a couple of other options that got us to a certain point but didn't get us where I really wanted the team to get to. And I have known about Results for quite a number of years, and I did meet with Tim O'Connor quite a few years ago, but -- through -- I guess, many reasons, not just other options being out there. But I don't think personally I was quite ready to do what I ended up doing with Results at the time that I met with Tim. But I talked to a few people along the way and ended up going different directions and didn't get what I wanted. So I thought, you know what, I had heard through a colleague of mine that they had used Results and had success with. And I think they've been there quite a number of years now, but they've had some success. So I thought, okay, well, I guess, I'll make a switch. So we ended up going with Results late 2018 and started our process, I guess, this year 2019.Interviewer: Okay, great. And how has the Results’ execution system met any of those needs or solved any of those pain points that you mentioned?Interviewee: Well, I really think it's brought our leadership team a lot further along the path that I was hoping and had seen this group be able to. We've got some challenging people still and I think Results has helped identify that within the group and helping us sort of either move those people along the path that they need to or identified potentially some of the other options that we might have to take. And I really think -- I didn't want a -- without giving our group a fair chance, I didn't want to move anybody out until they had appropriate time to really figure out where we were going with the business. And I think Results has – Jeff, in particular, has really helped with that. He's got a good ability to connect with the overall team. I mean, there're certain individuals that are still a challenge, but I think it's been -- that's been the main thing. We’re a lot further along where we want it to be.Interviewer: Okay, awesome. And you said that you started working with the Results team in 2018. So you've been a client about a year now?Interviewee: No, we sort of met with them in late 2018. Interviewer: I got you. Interviewee: But formerly beginning of 2019, we started.Interviewer: I got you. Okay. So about a year now then?Interviewee: Yeah. Interviewer: All right, perfect. And what actually made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternate process?Interviewee: Well, I guess it was the fact that this colleague of mine had worked with Results and had found them to be fairly effective. So I’ll call it a referral.Interviewer: Awesome. Okay. And are there any pieces from that initial discovery process prior to you actually becoming a client that you feel the Results team has not delivered on yet?Interviewee: Definitely not due to them. I think it's more some of the barriers in our own leadership team and we're getting there. I'm actually meeting with Jeff today -- at some point today or tomorrow to look at next year. But no, I would say I'm happy with where we are considering some of the hurdles we've had to get over to get where we are today.Interviewer: Okay, great. And just building on that, have you experienced any friction or frustration points as a client during the Results process at all? Interviewee: No, no, definitely no. Interviewer: I got you. And have you referred Results to anyone else?Interviewee: I've spoken to people about Results. You never know where people are at with their business and where they're headed when it comes to strategy or execution of their strategy. So if anything, I've just more talked about some of the good things that have come out of the meetings and then left it more to know what -- was it the right thing for people to go with. So informally, probably the answer is yes.Interviewer: Okay, cool. And is there anything that you wish the Results’ team offered or focused on more?Interviewee: I guess the one thing that maybe comes to mind is -- I know they, at one point in their history, had kind of an electronic dashboard and they've moved away from that. Now I believe they're working on something. I don't -- a portal or something like that, that Jeff mentions. So that might be the only thing that -- just kind of a dashboard for tracking the information that we have. Now they send out notes and we all have access to those notes, but it's just not sort of an electronic version easily reviewed by all the management team.Interviewer: Okay. And last question here. What would you consider as Results’ strengths? And what would you consider as their weaknesses?Interviewee: The strengths, I think they have great knowledge. They've -- I mean, Results to me is -- I've met some of the people, I don't know the entire team. But Andrea and Jeff are sort of our two main touchpoints with the company and they're both -- to me, they both seem pretty knowledgeable with the leadership and coaching information that's out there, whether it's publications or different methods. They've been around a while. So I think they've got a pretty established network of resources that they pull from. I would say that's their -- one of their strengths. And then, in particular with Jeff, I like his coaching style. we have a group that doesn't come with sort of management and business background. So I think Jeff has a really good ability to connect with our type of people and our type of leaders. So whether that's just unique to Jeff or something that Results offers, I'm not sure, but that's been a strength for us for sure. Interviewer: Okay. Interviewee: Weakness? I'm not sure that I can identify a weakness. I thought a weakness initially was going to be having to travel to their office in Downtown Calgary when we're kind of out in the light industrial areas, but I think our group has found that not to be a big issue. Interviewer: I got you. Interviewee: So initially, I thought it was going to be an issue. I was hoping that they would be able to come to our office but I don't think it is an issue. Interviewer: Perfect. Alright, well, those are pretty much all my questions. But is there anything else that you like the Results’ team to know? Or just any other feedback you'd like to provide?Interviewee: I don't at this point. I mean, I have a lot of conversation back and forth with Jeff as it is, and I think, feedback is given that way. But in terms of – to their management group, no, I'm quite happy so far. I mean, we're getting into probably our biggest year next year with leadership growth. So it'll be interesting to see. And I would like to stay with Results for another year, for sure. So it'll be interesting to see where our group is at this time next year. Interviewer: Awesome. Interviewee: I think we're really just getting going now with the execution side of our business. So it'll be great.Interviewer: All right. Well, those are all my questions. So thank you so much for hopping on the call today. I really appreciate your time, and you have a great rest of your week.Interviewee: Alright. Thanks, you too. Interviewer: Thanks. Bye