Iggy Domagalski Tundra Interview TranscriptInterviewer: Alright. So first question, what actually initially motivated you to start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with their execution system?Interviewee: We needed help creating a strategic plan. So that's what we hire them for. Interviewer: Got it. Okay. And how has the Results’ execution system met those needs or solved any of your pain points?Interviewee: Quite well. It's worked really well. So we use them for our strategic plan. And then we engage them in there, I guess, more regular program, which involves quarterly planning and the annual planning and the bi-weekly meetings. And it seems to work quite well.Interviewer: Okay. And how long have you actually been a client? Interviewee: A year and a half. Interviewer: Perfect. And what made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternative process?Interviewee: I don't remember, sorry. Interviewer: No problem. It’s okay.Interviewee: I don‘t think -- their name was top of mind so we ended up using them. I don't recall us going to a bunch of different places. [I think we chose the one with it].Interviewer: Got you, no problem. And are there any pieces or conversations from the initial discovery process prior to you becoming a client that you feel Results has not yet delivered on?Interviewee: Nope.Interviewer: Great. And have you experienced any friction or frustration points as a client through the Results process at all?Interviewee: Not too many. They're trying to force this portal on us which I'm not that interested in but I'll give it a try. So that's been a – it’s just that I’m not a portal man. I see negative value in it personally.Interviewer: Got you. Interviewee: I think they're wasting money on it.Interviewer: Okay, great. And have you referred Results to anyone else? Interviewee: Yes, I've mentioned it to other people. Interviewer: Perfect. And what is one thing that you wish Results offered or focused on more?Interviewee: They do the things that we want them to do. So there's -- I don't want more from them. They're doing exactly what they're supposed to do. So they -- that portal thing is a little bit annoying. And they are – It is getting better, but I guess their sales process was kind of annoying a little bit too.So we are -- our coach is Jeff white. And then our -- I guess our sales rep was Andrea and she's great. But ultimately, like we deal with Jeff, he has all the technical information that we need. So I understand it sometimes he needs to go to another person if they're bringing value to the table. But in what we're doing, Andrew has only given the pricing. Jeff is the one that's doing all the services and he has all the information. So that was kind of annoying, but that seems to have gone away. Interviewer: I got you. Okay, sounds good. And what would you say are Results strengths and their weaknesses?Interviewee: They are -- I guess any business like that comes down to people. So I think that they are good people. We adjust these grades. We’re starting to use Chelsea and I don't know if she's great yet, but I hope should be pretty good. So that's good. And the weaknesses will be those couple of things that I mentioned there.Interviewer: Yeah. Interviewee: But I'm glad that they're doing this customer feedback thing because I won’t -- if we were surveyed and they would have asked, ‘Hey, do you want a portal?’ The answer would have been ‘No’.Interviewer: I got you. All right. Great. All right. Well, those were all my questions. Is there anything else that we should know? Or any other pieces of feedback that you'd like to provide? No, that's great. Thanks, Chelsea. All right. No problem. Thanks so much for hopping on the call and you have a great rest of your week.Interviewee: I apologize for being a bit late. Interviewer: No problem, no worries at all. Thank you. Appreciate it.Interviewee: GoodbyeInterviewer: Alright, Goodbye.