SURVEY INTERVIEW 6 TRANSCRIPTInterviewer:  Alright. So first question I have for you, what actually initially motivated you to start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with their execution system?Interviewee: Okay. Initially, I was motivated by the previous facilitator that we had for our strategic planning process, had moved on to different organization. And so we were looking for a particular resource to help fulfil annual strategic planning cycle with us, a -- so sort of a business associate. I had talked about some of the stuff they were doing with Results and what they had heard from the company, and what that process was about. And so we, kind of -- we didn't really, I wouldn't say, come into search, we really just kind of had the direct referral to Results, knew we had to replace our, sort of, strategic planning facilitation resource. And then got introduced to Andrea in Results as a way to sort of fill that initially, which was an annual planning cycle. But then as we sort of unpacked, it became more of an execution framework for us to apply as a leadership group.Interviewer: Okay, great. And how has the Results’ execution system met any of your needs or solved any of those pain points?Interviewee: I would say, it's been really helpful. So I mean, I think the -- they did a good job of facilitating our annual planning cycle, there's no question, they were -- it was helpful in that capacity. And then from a weekly and monthly execution process, the regular cadence of calls has been really, really helpful.Interviewer:  Perfect. And what made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternate process?Interviewee: We didn't really look -- honestly, we had one need, we went in and got introduced to Results and immediately kind of jumped into that because it's something we needed to take on. And frankly, because of the cost structure and initially, how it was being funded through a government subsidy, basically, you were really in a no-lose type situation. And so that made the barrier to entry quite low. And we were easily, easily able to go for it even though we hadn't really looked at all possible options. Interviewer: Okay, awesome. And are there any pieces from the initial discovery process prior to actually becoming a client that you feel Results has not delivered on yet?Interviewee: I wouldn't say so. I mean -- I think the system is portrayed as being a very locked down, tight, like, we have this curriculum. I think, in reality, it's a lot more fluid than that, which is not necessarily a negative. It's -- they've been responsive to our needs and our demands to be a little bit more adaptable. They've bonded and it's somewhat working well.Interviewer: Cool. And building on that, have you experienced any friction or frustration points at all as a client during the Results’ process?Interviewee: I think, in our very first interaction, we had some friction, only in the– sorry to say that, there's a fine line between being a facilitator and being a participant. And I think our facilitator crossed into participation in a couple of discussions and was inserting his opinion more than his facilitation of the group's discussion. And so -- when we had that discussion, that’s only the feedback, we had a good dialogue on that and we had moved on. And so, but as a reflect, I’d say there was a point where we really found ourselves in some friction.Interviewer:  I got you, thanks for that. And have you referred Results to anyone else?Interviewee: I've talked about the process, I don't think I've been a direct advocate in saying this is -- like to another colleague that I was speaking to, to say, this is a great process for your company, and you should go do it for yours. I'd say more just as a general sharing of information and the process that we've gone through.Interviewer: I got you. Okay. And is there anything that you wish Results offered or focused on more at all?Interviewee: No, I don't think so. I think it's been good.Interviewer: Okay, great. And what would you consider Results’ biggest strengths and their weaknesses?Interviewee: I think their strength to be the methodology that goes into getting leadership teams to get on a call every week and have a regular follow up around what the commitments were of the organization. I think the limitation of Results is all within their facilitators, right. It's not the approach that can take you so far. But really great facilitators will be their limitations. And I would say we've had, so far, good success with general facilitation skills and helping leaders work through sort of complicated issues or organize their thoughts. On the pure professional development side, we've had a few engagements and I wouldn't say that professional development was world-class. I would say it was helpful and it was additive. But I wouldn't put it on the same sort of stage as programs that we've had people go through with an Ivy or a Harvard or sort of these. And those may be high bars that they don't aspire to meet. But I would say, in the professional development, it's not as robust as it could be and maybe somewhat limited by the facilitation skills.Interviewer: I got you. Okay. All right. Well, those are pretty much all my questions. Is there anything else that you'd like the Results’ team to know or any other pieces of feedback that you'd like to provide?Interviewee: No, I think that's all.Interviewer: Alright.