RYAN VESTBY COMPUVISION RESULTS INTERVIEW TRANSCRIPTInterviewer: Alright, so first question, what actually initially motivated you to start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with the Results’ execution system?Interviewee: I think the reason why I wanted to start working with them is we were a growing company and we identified that we had some inefficiencies and weaknesses in our process and our execution. And so when we learned about Results and what they can deal with, it is just natural to just give it a shot and see if we can solve those things through their structure and the process. Interviewer: Okay, perfect. And how did the Results’ execution system meet those needs or solve any of those pain points?Interviewee: It was basically their rhythm. And on their rhythm, what they did, and how they -- their structure or process or what that looks like really kind of honed in and refined our deliverables and what we’ve focused on. That was definitely more on our focus of what we need to get done and putting some structure and some simplicity around it and they definitely accomplished that. Interviewer: Perfect. And how long were you actually a client of theirs?Interviewee: They would know this better than I will but I want to say five or six years potentially. Interviewer: Okay. And what made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternate process?Interviewee: We didn't -- I didn't even know there would be a competitor at that point. So there was nothing in place that came into play where we were like, no, we use somebody else.  I had a relationship with Jeff and I trusted him and he gave it a shot and now we're really happy with their results.Interviewer: Okay. And did you experience any friction or frustration points as a client through the Results’ process at all?Interviewee:  Like in the onboarding process or just like in general?Interviewer: Just in general, I think, overall, whether it's onboarding or as you were a client?Interviewee: No, not really. I would just say, as we grew and as we maturied, I think we probably outgrew their standard offering. And so, I like – friction is a harsh word. Interviewer: Yeah. Interviewee: It was more sort of those -- the alignment was -- it started to waver a bit on what that looks like and what we needed. So when that changed, it just – it made sense for us to kind of go in a different direction.Interviewer: I got you. And have you ever referred results to anyone else in the past? Interviewee: Yeah, absolutely. Interviewer: Okay, great. And what would you say are Results strengths? And what are their weaknesses? Interviewee: Yes, sorry, I am just grabbing something here. Interviewer: Yeah, sure, go ahead.Interviewee: I definitely believe their strengths are -- they have just the most genuine, I’d say, leadership team or like -- they're just -- their connection to the people and to the business market is just real. And that's a really powerful thing for them. I think that this is one of their strengths and just that they have a level of humility and frost and they just create instant relationships to people which I think, is their number one strength. People listen to that and they come to their events. They have the ability to act -- I guess, the best way to put it is that their ability to activate the business again.Interviewer: I got you. Okay, and what would you say are their weaknesses?Interviewee:  I would say their weaknesses is that they're not willing to -- that is like their offering or their product is one size from what I experienced that, I think, it probably could look at how they can adapt a bit more to as companies evolve and maybe they’re new at that and I didn't experience it, but that would be kind of my comment. It’s just how do we evolve as customers or clients’ change, right?Interviewer: Okay, cool. And I think you already answered this, but just in case you have anything else to add, what caused you to stop working with Results?Interviewee: It was just we weren’t -- we felt like we're in a rut. That we just weren’t moving the needle week by week, month by month compared with the beginning. And in the beginning, we saw some huge -- I gave them a lot of accolades that they are a huge reason for our success and growth and progress in our company -- it’s been Results. But we -- I think we outgrew them or we outgrew their offering of how it was structured today, like it just -- that's why I said their weaknesses are that they didn't adapt to what we needed. And so we looked at another process and we had been -- we’ve been with another -- not another facilitator, but we were following another program. And we hadn't given that -- we didn't give that program a fair shake, a fair shot of just like, let's just see how good this is and we won't know until we try. And so we had to make a decision. We had to choose a horse, so to speak.Interviewer:  I got you. And is there anything that would make you want to reengage with Results at all?Interviewee: Probably not at this time. No. I mean, we're very friendly and I supported them, and I'd recommend them to anyone that's looking for a business process for sure.Interviewer:  I got you. Okay. Cool. Well, those are actually all my questions. But is there anything else that we didn't know or any other pieces of feedback that you'd like to give the Results team at all?Interviewee: No, I think that probably pretty much covers it.Interviewer: All right. Well, that is the end. Thank you so much, Ryan, for hopping on this call with me today. I really appreciate it.Interviewee: No problem. You have a great day.