Survey Interview 11 Transcript Interviewer: Alright. So first question I have for you is what actually, initially, motivated you to start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with their execution system?Interviewee: Yes. Okay. So it's been a few years so I'm trying to refresh myself. But at the time, yes, we just wanted some more structure around our planning and strategy and execution of the same. And we were moving from a very owner-involved business to bringing other people on board and trying to transfer that leadership.Interviewer: I got you. Alright. And how did the Results’ execution system meet those needs or solve any of those pain points that you mentioned?Interviewee: Well in lots of ways, it did help us for sure. I think we achieved what we hoped to, for the most part. It really got us into a meeting rhythm, a weekly, monthly, quarterly rhythm with our leadership team and the company. We worked through defining the vision and value proposition for the company, which we still use today, and learned how to incorporate those things into our day-to-day business. So decision making, we revert back to our values and use that in our language when we are coaching and talking with staff about our issues and things that go well and things that don't go well. So obviously, those were the main things.Interviewer: Okay, awesome. And how long were you actually a client? Interviewee: SorryInterviewer: How long were you actually a client?Interviewee: Two years for sure and greater than three. But I think it was two years. So one year, we were weekly clients and then we moved to monthly, I think, for the second year. Interviewer: Okay, perfect. And what made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternate process?Interviewee: Honestly, I didn't shop it around a lot. I attended a short breakfast seminar or a few of them like they do. I think they're still doing them today, the Calvary Construction Association. And Tim was doing the presentation and I was just impressed with their philosophy and everything that he said kind of rang true with me. And then I honestly didn't shop it around.Interviewer: I got you. Alright. And did you experience any friction or frustration points as a client through the Results process at all?Interviewee: I would say the one thing that didn't work great for us, we're a family-owned business, so it's my husband and myself that own and are managing partners in the business. And we had great execution specialist, [Rebdu] Bernie. But he -- sometimes -- I don't know, it was like he wasn't comfortable whenever my husband and I go like fight or anything in the business, but we do disagree just like any leadership team well.Interviewer: Right. Interviewee: And that I -- Personally, I thought that he found that uncomfortable. And there was some -- I think, some -- we could have had some more -- some better difficult conversations with maybe some different facilitation. I think we could have used a stronger facilitation sometimes.Interviewer: I got you. Okay. And have you referred Results to anyone else?Interviewee: Yes, Yes, for sure. I belong to the Women Presidents’ Organization and I refer Results to them. And yes, have spoken highly of the process.Interviewer: Awesome. And in your opinion, what are Results’ strengths? and what are their weaknesses?Interviewee: Well I think their strengths are how they put some structure around execution, right? So it's great to have a great idea and talk about it, but that doesn't get you anywhere and they have a good process and method for putting structure to that. Interviewer: Okay. Interviewee: What are their weaknesses? Might be the same thing, just the process. I think, to me, it's the same for every company and maybe it could be more tailored. Potentially, like maybe there's some -- like they have a very specific agenda that they follow. And maybe there's room for tailoring that to a particular company's interests or other methodologies. Interviewer: Okay. Interviewee: Yes. Like, for instance, we are looking at implementing open-book management right now and I don't think that I could approach Results for assistance on that because it’s not going to be part of that program, right?Interviewer: Okay. Perfect. And what actually caused you to stop working with Results?Interviewee: We were just ready to go on our own like we had followed the process with them for two or three years, I can’t remember. And we were just prepared at that point to continue on our own.Interviewer: I got you. Interviewee: Yeah. Interviewer: Perfect. And last question here. Is there anything that would make you want to reengage with the Results team?Interviewee: Yes, like I haven't -- I still -- I'm looking at attending their Executive Conference this year. I would say, I guess, if our business was, again, going through a growth phase -- the last few years have been pretty flat for us, just with the economy and whatnot. And maybe if we were entering a big growth curve, I might look at it again. Yes, if we were bringing on, again, another like level of leadership or trying to bring our leaders up to the next level.Interviewer: Alright, perfect. Okay, well, those are all my questions. But just to wrap up, is there anything else do you want the team to know or any other pieces of feedback that you'd like to provide?Interviewee: No, nothing so. it was a good experience. It’s good work we did with them. Yes.Interviewer: Okay. Great. Alright. Well, thank you so much for your time. I really appreciate you hopping on the call today. Interviewee: Alright, thanks, Chelsea. Interviewer: Thanks. Have a great day. Interviewee: You too, Bye. 