Jeff Clark – Kitchen Partners Interview TranscriptInterviewer: Okay, so first question. What initially motivated you to start working with Results? And were there any pain points that you were hoping to resolve with the Results’ execution system?Interviewee: It was just -- it was really about a desire to improve the execution of our key initiatives. That was really what the original engagement was all about. So we were pretty good in terms of planning and strategically planning. But when it came time to execution, we were over-ambitious and had too much going on. So that really helped us to focus and to get things done.Interviewer: Okay, great. And how has the Results’ execution system met those needs or solved any of those pain points?Interviewee: I mean it's actually been very helpful. We've been a client on and off for a number of years. So, I mean, we've had some ups and downs but I'd say, today, we're in a really great place.Interviewer:  Yes, sure. And how long have you actually been a client now?Interviewee: It is a good question. I'm going to say four years. Interviewer: Okay. Interviewee: We took a hiatus for a year. So we took a break for -- I guess it was about a year. Then we came back. And yeah, no, it's good. It's really good right now.Interviewer: Perfect! And what made you choose Results over a competitor or just an alternate process?Interviewee: Just impressed with, I mean, the people, Jeff is awesome or terrific, so yeah, we had no reason really to look anywhere else.Interviewer: Okay, great. And are there any pieces or any conversations that were had from the initial discovery process before you became a client that you’ve thought still Results hasn't delivered on yet.Interviewee: No, not really. I mean, we had some challenges around our business execution specialist and I had some chats with Jeff and I got resolved. And there was a change in who we were working with, and that made all the difference in the world.Interviewer: Got you. And just building on that, have you experienced any friction or frustration points as a client during the Results process at all?Interviewee: No, just got -- that would probably be the one where we weren't thrilled with our business execution specialist. So made that known to Jeff and he was very proactive in managing it so… Interviewer: Okay, great. Have you referred Results to anyone else?Interviewee: I certainly talked about it, yes, to lots of people.Interviewer: Got you. And if you can think of anything, what is one thing you wish Results offered or focused on more?Interviewee: I want -- I talked to Jeff about this probably six or eight months ago, and it's – well, I would say there are two things. One is just -- I talked about a peer group, so like-minded leaders that are clients of theirs, getting them together from time to time to – and help sort of create a peer group of leaders and that would be one thing. And then just continuing to bring their IT material to the table on an ongoing basis. Interviewer: Got you. Okay. And in your opinion, what are results strengths and their weaknesses?Interviewee: Strengths would be – I mean they do practice what they preach. So I think they are all very good people, focused on execution. They -- I mean, they do really good work, their people are aligned with what it is they're trying to accomplish. So I think, for the most part, there's --they deliver what they promise and they live what they do -- they live with -- or they practice what they preach. Weaknesses are just – And it hasn't really -- I guess, in a sense, it did with our other [indiscernible], it's just – it’s finding the great people to continue to help build their business from the business execution specialist. That has really impacted us negatively but…Interviewer: Got it. All right. Well, those are all my questions. Is there anything else that we should know or any other feedback that you’d like to provide?Interviewee: Just other than Barb is our [Indiscernible] and she's awesome. One of the things that I might just -- I just got a couple of suggestions so I can catch them so…Interviewer:  Yeah,Interviewee: It would be kind of, I think, an annual assessment of where we are together would be a good exercise to go through. And so we do lots of strategic planning for Kitchen Partners, but I think it would be great for having a sort of, an annual review where our two companies together like what's working, what's not kind of thing? So I think that would be helpful. So an annual formal assessment of where we are, I talked about the peer group. It just -- their facilities are awesome, so when we go there for the day, it's – they are very hospitable and do a great job. The meeting facilities are great. And as I said, very hospitable. That's probably the key things that need to get communicated. Interviewer: Okay. Great. Well, those are all my questions. So thank you so much for hopping on this call, Jeff. I really appreciate it. I'm going to go ahead and just pass along your responses to the Results’ team and we'll go from there.Interviewee: Now, can I ask you a question?Interviewer: Oh yeah, sure.Interviewee: So I'm curious…